New commerce documentation (#194)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/commerce/payment/payment_management.md

---
description: Payment management module handles payment methods and payments, and allows interacting with them in the system.
edition: commerce
---

# Payment management

The Payment management module allows you to track the status of payments for orders placed through a storefront.

On the Back Office **Payments** screen, you can search for payments and filter the search results, as well as review payment details. 

> You might also be allowed to cancel payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on configuration and permissions, you may also be allowed to cancel payments.
```

> If the permissions assigned to your [user role](permissions_and_users.md) allow, you may also have access to the **Payment methods** screen, where you define, enable and disable offline payment methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the permissions assigned to your [user role](permissions_and_users.md) allow, you may also have access to the **Payment methods** screen, where you define, enable, and disable offline payment methods.
```
